= kin
kin is a simple ruby client binding for  {Gilt's API}[http://dev.gilt.com/]. It is designed to be simple to use, so that developers don't need to worry about making the correct requests or interpreting the results of those requests, and can instead get right to developing their awesome apps! In case you're wondering about the name, kin means gold in Japanese (which is kind of related to Gilt)

==Install
  gem install kin

==Use

===Create a Client
  gilt = Kin::Client.new(Secret.password)

===Get all Active Sales
  sales_array = gilt.active_sales
	
===Get all Active Sales within a Store
  sales_array = gilt.active_sales('women') #could also be men, kids, or home (will be validated)

===Get all Upcoming Sales
	sales_array = gilt.upcoming_sales

===Get all Upcoming Sales within a Store
  sales_array = gilt.upcoming_sales('women') #could also be men, kids, or home (will be validated)

===Get details about a particular Sale
  sale = gilt.sale_detail('women', sale_key) #assuming sale_key is already defined and valid

===Get details about a particular Product
====Using Product ID
  product = gilt.product_detail(product_id) #assuming product_id is already defined and valid

====Using a URL given in a Sale Detail
	product = gilt.product_detail_from_url(url) #assuming url is already defined (it will be validated)

===Extras
====Get a list of valid stores
  Kin.stores

==To Test
Create a file in the test/ directory called "secret.rb" with the contents as follows:
  module Secret def Secret.password '<API_KEY>' end end #your api key goes there (without angle brackets)
and run (in the shell):
  ruby test_kin.rb

== Contributing to kin
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Vivek Bhagwat. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

